Update APM configuration example in Kubernetes doc (#33425)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/automatic_instrumentation/single-step-apm/kubernetes.md

This configuration:
- enables APM for all namespaces except the `jenkins` namespace.

>   - use `enabledNamespaces` to **disable** for all namespaces instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Note**: use `enabledNamespaces` to disable for all namespaces except those listed.
```
